# pandas--challenge
pandas challenge
For this challenge, we were working with data from Py City Schools. We were tasked with several objecives to complete. Our first task was to create a district summary. The district summary included total number of unique schools, total students, total budget, average math scores, average reading scores, the percentage of students passing math and reading, and the overall percentage of students passing. The second task required us to create a school summary. This summary included the schools name, the type of school, total students, total budget, total per student, the average scores, and the percentage of students passing math and reading. We then needed to rank the schools by lowest performing and highest performing. Next, we sorted the math and reading scores by grade level. We created tables that breaks down the schools spending, scores sorted by by school size, and scores sorted by school type.

While analyzing the data from the task, I noticed that Cabrera High School was the highest performing school, but had one of the lowest per capita student spendning. I found this to be interesting since it would appear that, in the real world, the opposite is mostly true. From my experience in education, I have found that the higher performing schools have a higher per student capita budget. However, they do have a smaller student population in comparision to the other schools. Further data would need to be provided to determine if their student to teacher ratio had an effect on their high scores in reading in math. The demographic in wich all the schools were in could also affect their scores in reading, math, and overall. Further data would need to be provided to see if those things payed a role in overall score. The five lowest performing schools all had lower percentages of students passing math. While most of these schools had a higher student population and therfore higher budget, further data would need to be provided as to why the students math scores were so low. 
